Hello, today we have rolled some changes to SkyBlock, including a bunch of bug fixes, improvements and balancing changes.

# Changes
* Added a limit to how far you can fly away from your island with the Magical Mushroom Soup.
* Buffed Protection enchanted defense from 2 to 3.
* Buffed the spawn rate of Coal throughout the coal mine on the hub.
* Buffed the spawn rate of animals on both farming islands.
* Added an alternative recipe for enchanted items that have "+" shaped recipes to make them easier to craft
* Reduced the value of Cactus from 3 Coins to 1 Coin.
* The destination hologram on private island portals can now be clicked to remove the portal's portal blocks, allowing for easy removal of the portals.
* Potion effects will now override if the new potion effect is better.

# Bug Fixes
* Fixed Compactors not working with the Clay Minions.
* Fixed the Cocoa Minion getting mad when you place down a Storage Chest.
* Fixed the tutorial trade not allowing you to complete the trade.
* Improved the Colosseum region so you can't hit people that are outside.
* Fixed being able to pearl into and out of the pvp area.
* Fixed 2 melons overlapping with the wheat field on the second farming island, causing them to regrow a lot faster.
* Fixed the knockback resistance from the Slime Hat not being applied when you join a server.
* Fixed Enchanted Redstone being placeable.
* Fixed crystals spawning on the corner of the block when you place them.
* Fixed the Mine Affinity Talisman not working in the Deep Cavern's rooms.
* Fixed Blazes being able to spawn on the window ledge outside the room on the Blazing Fortress.
* Fixed the Ender Bow being able to duplicate Ender Pearls.
* Fixed a glitch where you could sell the Quiver Arrow to shops.
* Fixed shift clicking in the crafting grid with a full inventory sometimes using up more resources than you can fit in your inventory.
* Fixed the Aspect of the End sword sometimes giving speed forever.
* Fixed a bug where the Enderchest upgrade wasn't being given. All players should now have the correct size of enderchest.
* Fixed a bug where clicking on a menu button with an item on your cursor could delete that item.